with the buds 3 Pro Samsung has
radically changed the design of the
earbuds from being stemless which just
kind of sat in the folder re ear to
essentially the airpods or airpods Pro
Design with a stem but is this a good
decision lots to talk about here wow
they uh they went full cyber truck with
these ones very angular very steel
looking I would say very cool you see
that light that just turned on and
thankfully the case does not have this
weird soft touch that the buds 2 Pros
had like look it you can actually see it
peeling off there and the parts that
aren't peeled off they feel like it's a
deteriorating plastic like it's going to
come off on my finger or something or I
could scratch it off yeah it's so easily
scratched this does not have longevity
and you know long live the king the king
is dead this one in the box we have this
little
case this little piece of
paper we have a USB C Toc cable that is
this long looks like it's like 3 ft does
not come with an adapter in the Box for
charging I recommend getting outlets on
the wall that have USBC on them nothing
worse than going to charge your phone
and there's just the it's the brick is
gone why kind of a fit guide and a quick
start guide and that's all well and good
but I want to look at the industrial
design of these things it's interesting
because as the largest brand on the
Android side Samsung really can you know
set Trends and be like the apple of
Android or they could just be the apple
of Android and copy what Apple does H I
like to hope that the reason they went
for this stem design was for a practical
engineering reason I like to hope that
it's because putting the microphone
close ever so slightly closer to your
mouth and pointing it in orientation to
pick up sounds from your mouth was going
to give them higher mic quality than
they could previously achieve on these
ones that just do not have a stem at all
and if that's the case you know they
could just be acknowledging Apple kind
of nailed it they did it right with this
design it is better to have the stem for
that reason for an engineering purpose
or they could have just gone hey people
like airpods but you have an Android
phone so uh just buy our
airpods I guess either either approach
is valid you can see that for the cases
themselves they also pretty much copied
the airpods you got a single light here
you got the charging ports on the bottom
you have the a pairing button Samsung
put theirs on the bottom you've got the
hinges like look at the that really does
look similar the case for the Samsungs
is larger and has a clear top whether
you get this in white or cyber truck
steel looking gray the case is clear on
the top I don't know how durable that's
going to be it might get scuffed and
scratched up even your pocket with keys
or coins um but right now out of the box
it looks slick the other cool thing
about this case is that it has flat
areas so
it it can stand it can stand any which
way you've got left and right indicator
on the front here as well as on the
bottom of the stem orange for the right
side blue for the left side the buds
themselves they've differentiated
themselves at least visually from the
airpods in that they're angular pretty
cool there's a slight Ridge along the
top of this to give it some kind of
Dimension there's also a legend
indicating this is the left one there's
an L there seems to be printed on and
not like embossed or anything I can't
feel any texture to that little r you've
got a vent on the top some holes for
microphones these silicone ear tips have
caused some people some problems let's
see that's what it looks like inverted
and if I pop it off of there ooh it's
some
resistance oh my gosh this is actually
not squishy this looks non-standard
compared to let's say the tips that come
with the cmf buds that I just looked at
this is rigid and fits around this
driver and Pops back on there okay on to
line it up and goes easily and I believe
some other media who have received these
uh have ripped these ear tips while
while trying to pull them off that may
be the cause of a delay in shipping of
these two retailers fitting them into
the case there appears to be some magnet
action very satisfying case sound is
good the the tactile feel it really
feels like it clicks open and I didn't
mention the LED light that goes along
the length of this thinnest Edge that is
pretty cool and potentially useful if
you're trying to find these things if
you drop drop them in the couch or
something like that on top of the other
feature of it just beeping when you're
looking for them which many earphones
have I want to hear how they sound and
share some performance graphs right away
so let's get these paired they do come
with multiple ear tips small and large
separately here but I feel like the
medium's good for
me this content's not authorized the
is that damn this song was too hot
for
TV oh yeah these sound good these sound
good let's turn them up oh how loud do
they go that's plenty
loud they're getting a little sient up
here they're in the ears
though they sound pretty good they sound
pretty natural although they're a little
thumpy in the base and that is also
exactly what we saw in the labs testing
you can see that the green curve follows
our dotted Target curve pretty closely
from the mids up through the treble but
in the base it's a little
overcooked however I would say that
that's actually probably the smartest
move that Samsung can make a lot of
people prefer a little extra Bas and you
can just EQ this out if you if you want
it to sound even more natural they sound
exciting and and Punchy um one thing to
note though is they do not have volume
dependent EQ which means that when you
turn the volume down they do not turn
the Basse up which lots of earphones do
because our human hearing is less
sensitive to base at lower volumes these
just they keep it raw baby we also have
some measurements for the active noise
cancelling performance on this graph you
can see the white line is if you're just
not wearing the headphones at all the
green line is the isolation get from
just putting them in your ears passive
isolation and the red line is if you
turn active noise cancelling on so you
can see from 800 to 5,000 khz there's
not a lot of change between ANC on and
passive isolation but lower down you get
a lot more of an effect from the active
noise cancelling next I'm going to test
out the swiping controls and the pinch
controls on the stem as well as doing a
mic test right after this message from
our sponsor motion gray their sitto
stand desk coming a wide variety of
models and sizes with easy to follow
instructions and all the tools you need
for assembly included right in the Box
check out the Ergo 2 series one of the
most affordable desks of its type on the
market with a two segment frame and a
quiet but powerful single motor it has a
height adjustment range of 28 to 46 in
and supports up to 176 lb of weight
that's 80 kg for those of you who use
the good system pick one up using our
Link in the description and use code
Linus for 10% off your purchase there's
a capacitive swipe along the length of
the stem but then in a shorter segment
of the stem near the bottom you can
actually do a tactile like pinch so
let's see how well that works okay this
interface takes some getting used to
it's like you're trying to imagine
you're trying to like pick up a pyramid
like it's really sticky it's like that
Parton kungpow and they have the pyramid
nipples nobody's seen that to make the
button press happen with with a pinch
you actually have to pinch both fingers
on either side of the triangle and kind
of pinch the tip of the blade so it
actually feels kind of weird because of
the shape of it it's like your fingers
are slipping off of it as you pinch it
works you can see the icon right here as
I squeeze and there is a little sound
that accompanies The Squeeze it's like a
little tick tick then for the swipe you
have to pick the right edge of the blade
to swipe on not the front but the back
which I find swiping with my thumb is
the best it's great that you can
actually adjust the volume of these
earphones which you can't always on
both up and down symmetrically very cool
but you do have to swipe a long
basically the whole length of it if you
just swipe at the bottom it doesn't work
you've got to kind of do a full body
swipe is it not working cuz it's out of
my ear yes it is so it detects this is
capacitive up here too and it'll
actually detect if it's in your head or
not let's do a quick mic test and after
that we'll look at some of the
customizability in the app all right
this is the sound of the onboard
microphones my phone is way over there
so you know it's coming through them and
just you know what I'll take a moment to
talk about the Ingress Protection ip57
that's pretty awesome that's the second
highest level of dust Ingress Protection
but more importantly water out of seven
these can go underwater up to a meter
which 3 ft for 30 minutes I am wearing
these in the shower here we are in the
app and you can see there's different
settings for different noise cancelling
there's off there's Ambient sound where
you hear what's around you including
your own voice there's active noise
cancelling and then there's this Co tool
one in the middle which is adaptive
where it will actually crank up and down
the active noise cancelling according to
your environment so if you're in
acquired environment it turns it down to
reduce that feeling of pressure in your
ears but if you walk by construction
site it'll turn it back on or if you get
into a car or something like that
there's also Auto switching which has
its own settings including turn on
ambient mode when it detects you
speaking or when it detects a siren
going by although you know what Sirens
are pretty freaking loud so I kind of
want the opposite of this feature not a
lot of options for media controls when
you click into this menu it actually
doesn't give you any options it just
tells you what it does which is one
pinch for playing pause two for next
three for back and a swipe up and down
for volume you can actually turn it off
completely which is nice the one thing
you can customize is what pinching and
holding does on left or right you can
basically cycle through the active noise
cancelling settings or go to your your
assistant Bixby and then you can toggle
on and off whether pinching and pinching
and hold answers and declines calls
there's also because there's these cool
light bars on the blades or stems
controls for that so when they're out of
the case and not in your ears and you
pinch and hold you will get battery
meter okay that's just white does that
mean that it's like halfway and what
does this mean blinking fade in Fade Out
I don't know when it does these things
but it's cool there's options trial and
error guys stand in a mirror and mess
with it next stretch remers what the
hell is that if you hunch over your
phone or desk your head tends to lean
forward which can cause back and neck
health issues your earbuds can detect
your head position and notify you when
you bent your head forward for 10
minutes this actually might save our
planet this is kind of sick oh God it
wants me to calibrate it Jesus look
forward with your head
level we did it okay I couldn't actually
find how to get to this menu but using
the search function I typed in equalizer
and here we are I'm actually quite happy
with how many knobs they give you what
is that nine they have some presets this
clear one that cranks the base down a
bit might be the outof The boox
Equalizer that gets you closest to
neutral but and look and this toggle
that's already on by default is adjust
the sound automatically to deliver the
best audio based on your ear shape and
how you're wearing your buds works best
when both your buds are in your ears
with a consistent fit I will say when I
was doing the adjustments and testing
this interface they kind of popped out
real easy so I actually might want to go
into the larger silicone tips to get a
real tight seal now for battery life
claims the milliamp hour capacity of
this case is 515 the buds is 53 how long
will that actually last you with A and C
off 7 hours on the buds 30 hours all
told with it on 6 hours on the buds 26
hours including everything and that
actually is an improvement from last
year where these things only lasted
about 5 hours in your ears withc on so
an extra hour definitely appreciated one
thing that is unchanged from last last
time around is that the multi-point
connectivity where you seamlessly can go
from your phone to your other device is
only for Samsung you can go from your
Samsung phone or pad or Dex or whatever
very seamlessly but if you're going from
your phone to your Windows laptop or
your MacBook or something like that no
such luck they're trying to lock you in
with their
ecosystem I don't like that stuff that's
baloney it should just work with
everybody but I see what you're trying
to do there Android Apple for the price
they are $250 which is the same as the
airpods pro um but cheaper than some
devices you might see from Sony or maybe
Bose I think it is a reasonable price
the build quality is really great the
sound is very good and neutral um if you
want to pay less 180 bucks for the
non-pro variant but do note that they're
a little different they're not in ear
like this they're more like airpods
where they kind of sit on the outside U
which you may pref prefer but I don't
have that in front of me so I don't know
guys it seems like there's a good reason
to have the stem no knock against it of
course more competition and more
diversity of designs in are Universe
seems like a good thing but if it works
it works let us know in the comments
what you think on this is this a cop out
so thanks for watching guys if you like
this video you want to check out some
other stuff from Samsung Adam was
looking at their new watch go take a
look